[Music]
so what is this thing
is it a rollercoaster no it's a bridge
in Japan if you've ever wanted to
experience what it's like to ride a
roller coaster sitting in your car then
the Ashima ohashi bridge in Japan might
be your chance even looking at the
pictures of this bridge gives us the
chills how did the cars climb up the
bridge why was it built this way in this
video we will answer these questions and
tell you about the 5 coolest bridges in
the world first things first
this Japanese bridge is not as scary as
it seems yes it does look ridiculously
steep from a far distance it would seem
like cars would just slip and slide
right back down but in fact you don't
have to be a heck of a driver to go
across this bridge thousands of cars
cross it every day it's all a matter of
perspective
if you look at it from a different angle
it looks more like an ordinary bridge
with a relatively steep incline but
quite possible to handle if you watch a
video of a person driving over it you
might find yourself a little
disappointed it was designed like this
because it had to be tall enough for the
big ships to pass underneath it you
would still look for a detour once you
saw it in front of you tell us in the
comments section if we're right or not
what are the other impressive bridges in
the world will tell you about the
coolest ones number one siddhu River
Bridge in China this is one of the
highest bridges in the world right it
was built at an incredible fifteen
hundred and nine feet or 460 meters
across the city River well if you're
there don't look down the construction
is very safe it can hold over 43 million
tons so no matter how
cars one across it at once it's not
going to crumble beneath you relax
well if you can
[Music]
number two Malou viaduct in France the
funny thing about this French bridge is
that at its highest is 62 feet or 19
meters taller than the Eiffel Tower
which is not a bridge it connects two
large plateaus so the view from the
bridge itself is incredible and honestly
speaking quite scary even in foggy
weather the construction took three
years of work and cost 394 million euros
but who needs those boring numbers when
there is such a marvel to look at number
three rolling bridge in England what
looks like a small wheel in London is a
bridge every Friday it rolls out and
becomes a usual insignificant bridge
until it turns into a wheel again number
four the Gateshead Millennium Bridge in
England this is the only bridge in the
world that tilts normally it's just a
pedestrian bridge but when there is a
boat or a ship that needs to pass
underneath the entire thing tilts giving
the water transport enough room to
squeeze in number five Ponte Vecchio in
Florence unlike the previous super
modern bridges Ponte Vecchio was built
back in the Roman times of course it has
been rebuilt and upgraded a few times
since then
by the way Viki o is Italian for all so
it definitely lives up to its name
what's interesting is that when the
Germans invaded Italy Ponte Vecchio was
the only bridge they spare nowadays you
can buy all sorts of fancy watches in
the shops alongside the bridge
do you know any other unusual bridges
tell us about them in the comment
section below don't forget to share this
video with your friends and click
Subscribe on the bright side of life